Welcome back.
Let's now go over the solutions for the non-pay images assessment.
I'm going to open up the notebook in the Jupiter lab now.
All right.
Here we have the assessment open.
Let's go ahead and start by completing tasks in bold below.
So importing them pi.
That's pretty easy.
You can either Jinsei important up-I but typically you'll say important umpires and Pete that we don't
need to call them PI just call and Pietsch time.
And then the next one is create 5 by February where every number is a 10.
So there's actually lots of ways to do this but one easy way is to say and once and then we want a five
by five for the shape.
And if you notice this array itself it's just going to be a bunch of ones.
So if I say just a range that's five by five of ones so what I can do is multiply this by 10 and then
on an element by element basis everything is going to get multiplied by 10.
So you can do element by element operations on every element in an array.
And we didn't explicitly mentioned that in the lecture but we gave you a hint in the previous lecture
on how to do that.
And this goes for anything.
So if you wanted to say array divided by two that everything becomes 0.5 since you have all ones you
can divide it by two.
So we'll do this from time to time.
As far as quickly building up arrays of a particular digit.
So the ones that we're going to be using a lot is if we want everything to be Max color we could just
say give me an array of 255 or we could use zeros for the opposite.
OK.
So that's pretty good 5 by 5 3.
And we wanted to run the cell below to create an array of random numbers and see if you can figure out
how it works.
We mentioned this in the actual previous lectures on PI.
But essentially in case you didn't grasp that then what this is doing is setting a random seed.
And this number 1 0 1.
It's actually arbitrary.
So you can choose any number you want where you want to do be consistent with your number choice.
That way when you actually generate random numbers you generate the same or in the numbers that the
given seed provides.
And then this line creates an array of round numbers.
So what it does is it says from them PI grab the random library and then grab the random integer or
Rand into function and then if you do shift tab here they'll tell you that it takes in a low a high
and then a size so all it is doing is going to return random numbers drawn from a range of 0 up to but
not including 100.
And then format them and assigns a five by five.
So if I run this and then check out the array then I have these five by firebrand the numbers.
And if you actually run this and set the C to 101 every single time you create these random numbers
you'll notice that you get the same random numbers.
If he changes to a different value like 42 then you'll get a different set of round numbers.
But you would get these same random numbers every time you run this and that is how the cell in the
numbers changing.
So that's the seed actually works.
So we'll choose the default or a section of default but we'll choose my value ones or 1.
So we get the same values I do.
So then the question was What are the largest and smallest values in the array.
Well in that case all we need to do is say array Max an array in pretty straightforward there.
OK then we wanted to use the python imaging library and that plotted to read and display that puppy
image.
So this is actually exactly the same thing we did in the lecture.
So a couple of ways we can do this one way say import that live in fact when come with the SO and just
get rid of the pictures.
We can see it in full screen to say import lib Pipelet as Piel team that's going to last have plotting
functionality sets who want things line in the notebook.
We're going to see him live plot's live in line.
And as I mentioned before the newest versions of Jupiter lab and Jupiter and that book actually do this
by default.
So it may work even if you don't have that line in but if you're running older version Jupiter probably
your idea they were saved from Paice on imaging library import that image function and then this image
function remember it can actually read in Jay Peggs and Gs that correctly.
So what we're going to do is from our data folder.
So depending on where your data file there actually is you're going to want to say image open and then
provide the file path.
So in my case the way I have things organized right now is actually have the data folder right here
in the same directory as this particular notebook.
So there's my data folder if all the J picks and image files etc..
So I'm just going to link to it here.
So in that case we're just going to say data forward slash 0 0.
And they should be able to tab out to complete this.
OK.
So if you're not able to have autocomplete that's probably a good sign that you're actually not providing
the same directory or correct directory.
And then for that if I were to run this I could just say pick and the Jupiter lab or Juber or notebook
will automatically show the picture of the puppy.
OK.
Now remember this is actually still kind of the specialized image file.
So if I check the type of pick it's a j peg image file.
Now I want to convert the image to an umpire Ray and maybe we can check the shape to confirm that it's
actually an umpire.
It's actually pretty straight forward with this in the lecture.
I can just say array is equal to and P as array and then pass in the picture.
And now if I check the type of this array I get none Pi and the array.
And then I kind of stick a shape that is it's 13:00 by 1950 it has three color channels.
So the final task is using slicing to set the red and green channels of the picture to 0.
Then use em show to show the isolated blue channel.
So if I were to say peel teeth show on particular array it shows the puppy and it shows all three channels.
So let's actually then we're going to create a copy of this sorgen to say my copy is equal to the re
copy and then we can kind of mess around and edit the copy and then we can compare it to the original
array.
OK so what's our actual task here we want to zero out red and green.
So these images the way non-payers reading them in and the way the python image libraries reading them
in right now they go in the order read as the first layer.
Green is the second layer and the blue is the third layer.
So what I want to do is grab the zero next layer and the one index layer and then set them all to zero.
So I'll say my copy and I want to grab all the pixels in the X and Y them mention the width and height
for that first channel in that 0 layer and then I'll set those all to zero.
OK.
So let's go ahead and then show peel t show my copy and see what that looks like.
OK so you can already see it's already looking a little weird and that makes sense because now the only
channels that are left in this image to show are the blue and green channels which is why everything
looks a little kind of Aqua ish color so only green and blues are allowed now.
Now let's go ahead and zero out.
So we just did the red channel this red to zero.
Now it's turned the green to zero green to zero.
So say I copy everything all the rows and columns in the second channel index 1 because it goes red
green blue.
And then I'll set those to zero as well.
And now I want to show it now only the blue channels remain and notice that there's actually not a lot
of blue in this image particularly around the dog's ears because he said the dog's ears as you mention
before they're quite red.
So there's not a lot of blue coloring in him which is why there's pretty dark values when we're only
isolating the blue channel.
All right.
So that's it.
As far as a section of the course.
The main things you need to understand is the ability to create arrays of a single value.
So random morays who really won't be dealing with it at all for the rest of the course.
So what you really should feel comfortable with is creating new ones especially in the zeros as well.
So if you can create empty ones and zeros of any shape then that's all you need to understand there.
Don't worry too much about understanding people and opening images this way when we move on to open
C.V we're really going to be not using these two lines of code anymore.
Instead we'll be using a special function from open C.v.
But I didn't want to show you this.
You can directly go from a j peg straight to an umpire.
And then finally the thing you should understand here is that color images come in three channels red
green and blue.
And then later on and some more advanced sections will talk about different color mappings that go beyond
just red green and blue color coding.
All right I hope that assessment was useful to you.
Should have been pretty straightforward given how well it matched the lectures.
Coming up next we're going to begin talking about open sea the open computer vision Library.
We'll see you there.